Chore/js callback functions migrate challengetexts (#117)
neuefische/web-exercises: sessions/js-callback-functions/user-login-callback-1-named-vs-anonymous/README.md

# Named vs Anonymous Callback

In this challenge, you will encounter the following tasks:

- passing a named callback function into a higher order function
- writing an anonymous arrow function inside the higher order function call

## Tasks

You should write a callback function in two different ways.
In both cases your callback function should log the following text to the console:
"Welcome! You are logged in now."

1. Write a function with the "function" keyword named "showWelcomeMessage"
   Call "handleUserLogin" and pass your callback function as the first argument.
   (You should see the log from your callback message)

> 1. Call "handleUserLogin" again but this time write an anonymous function **inside** the function call (i.e. between the round brackets). You can write an anonymous function either:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Call "handleUserLogin" again but this time write an anonymous function **inside** the function call (i.e. between the round brackets). You can write an anonymous function either:
```

   - as an arrow function: ` () => {...}`
   - as a regular function: ` function() {...}`

> 1. Implement the logic from the previous from "showWelcomeMessage" inside this anonymous function.
> 1. Can you spot a difference in the behavior of the two ways you passed the callback functions to "handleUserLogin"?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Implement the logic from the previous from "showWelcomeMessage" inside this anonymous function.
4. Can you spot a difference in the behavior of the two ways you passed the callback functions to "handleUserLogin"?
```
